docs/20_Configurations.md, before:

# How to configure your RBAC service

The concept behind this service is proxy the incoming request and check permissions.
To setup correctly this service you need to follow this steps

## 1) Environment variables

| name | type | default value | required | description |
| ---- | ---- | ------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| LOG_LEVEL | string | info | - | one of["info", "trace", "debug", "warning", "error"] |
| HTTP_PORT | string | 8080 | - | service port to expose service |
| TARGET_SERVICE_HOST | string | - | ✅ | target service to redirect  | 
| API_PERMISSIONS_FILE_PATH | string | - | - | file path where you can manually configure permissions for your API, this substitues the automatic documentation fetch performed by the service. [See the example](#api-permission-file) |
| TARGET_SERVICE_OAS_PATH | string | - | - | endpoint of sibling container to contact for retrieve schemas (es. localhost:3001) |
| OPA_MODULES_DIRECTORY | string | - | ✅ | folder path where you serve all opa module. this files will be used to evaluate policy. [See the example](#rego-examples) |
| DELAY_SHUTDOWN_SECONDS | int | 10 (seconds) | - | the sidecar graceful shutdown |


## How to write a policy
The policies must be write in Rego language and they could use the input variable or our built-in function.

### Rego input
```
{
    "request": {
            "method":  String,
            "path":    String,
            "headers": Object {
                String: Array[String]
            },
            "query":   Object {
                String: Array[String]
            },
    },
}
```

:::caution
The headers keys are in canonical form (i.e. "x-api-key" become "X-Api-Key"). 
In order to read the headers in case-insensitive mode, you can use our built-in function [`get_header`](#get_header-built-in-function)
:::

### Get_Header Built-in function

```
output := get_header(headerKey: String, headers: Map[String]Array<String>) 
```

#### Description

The returned output is the first header value present in the `headers` map at key `headerKey`. If `headerKey` doesn't exist the output returned is an empty string.



### Policy examples
```
    package example

    default api_key = false

    api_key {
        count(input.request.headers["X-Api-Key"]) != 0
    }
```

```
    package example

    default api_key = false
    api_key {
        get_header("x-api-key", input.request.headers) != ""
    }
```

## API permission file

In the schema of the target service's API, it must be registered the permissions associated to the different paths.
In the following example the route /hello require the permission `api_key` to accept and redirect the GET requests:

```json
{
    "paths": {
         "/hello": {
            "get": {
                "x-permission": {
                    "allow": "api_key"
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

Commit message:

edit(JAF-98): added the user properties in the input rego

docs/20_Configurations.md, after:

# How to configure your RBAC service

The concept behind this service is proxy the incoming request and check permissions.
To setup correctly this service you need to follow this steps

## 1) Environment variables

| name | type | default value | required | description |
| ---- | ---- | ------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| LOG_LEVEL | string | info | - | one of["info", "trace", "debug", "warning", "error"] |
| HTTP_PORT | string | 8080 | - | service port to expose service |
| TARGET_SERVICE_HOST | string | - | ✅ | target service to redirect  | 
| API_PERMISSIONS_FILE_PATH | string | - | - | file path where you can manually configure permissions for your API, this substitues the automatic documentation fetch performed by the service. [See the example](#api-permission-file) |
| TARGET_SERVICE_OAS_PATH | string | - | - | endpoint of sibling container to contact for retrieve schemas (es. localhost:3001) |
| OPA_MODULES_DIRECTORY | string | - | ✅ | folder path where you serve all opa module. this files will be used to evaluate policy. [See the example](#rego-examples) |
| USER_PROPERTIES_HEADER_KEY | string | miauserproperties | - | the request header name that contains the user properties |
| USER_GROUPS_HEADER_KEY | string | miausergroups | - | the request header name that contains the user groups |
| CLIENT_TYPE_HEADER_KEY | string | Client-Type | - | the request header name that contains the client type |
| DELAY_SHUTDOWN_SECONDS | int | 10 (seconds) | - | the sidecar graceful shutdown |           

## How to write a policy
The policies must be write in Rego language and they could use the input variable or our built-in function.

### Rego input
```
{
    "request": {
            "method":  String,
            "path":    String,
            "headers": Object {
                String: Array[String]
            },
            "query":   Object {
                String: Array[String]
            },
    },
    "user": {
            "properties": Object{
                // this object contains the user properties inserted by the authorization service in the request user properties platform header 
            },
            "groups": Array[String],
    },
    "clientType": String
}
```

:::caution
The headers keys are in canonical form (i.e. "x-api-key" become "X-Api-Key"). 
In order to read the headers in case-insensitive mode, you can use our built-in function [`get_header`](#get_header-built-in-function)
:::

### Get_Header Built-in function

```
output := get_header(headerKey: String, headers: Map[String]Array<String>) 
```

#### Description

The returned output is the first header value present in the `headers` map at key `headerKey`. If `headerKey` doesn't exist the output returned is an empty string.



### Policy examples
```
    package example

    default api_key = false

    api_key {
        count(input.request.headers["X-Api-Key"]) != 0
    }
```

```
    package example

    default api_key = false
    api_key {
        get_header("x-api-key", input.request.headers) != ""
    }
```

## API permission file

In the schema of the target service's API, it must be registered the permissions associated to the different paths.
In the following example the route /hello require the permission `api_key` to accept and redirect the GET requests:

```json
{
    "paths": {
         "/hello": {
            "get": {
                "x-permission": {
                    "allow": "api_key"
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```
